Last Tuesday the Mino maestro died in Milan at the age of 88
bordignon
famous director of absurd choirs all international hungry
he had been struck long ago by an incurable disease and some months he was under treatment
at a Milan clinic where he died
the bordeaux who was a character in the world of choral music where
practically he carried out all his professional activity
he was born in fiorano al serio in 1922 at fiorano there had harry his started
choir director activity with a thousand famous interlocking choir
emerge if not the last
one of his last performances 3 the messiah
performed by the Serbian valley philharmonic choir and the polyphonic choir music
his fame, however, is linked to accelerating chorus collections
founded in 1949
with which he brought into the world
f the most famous reasons popularity l Bergamo mountains
giuseppe pirovano former mayor of fiorano is here with us was a great friend ei
and excellent connoisseur of mino bordino
and therefore he has known in depth he we ask
ditte dashes the figure help master
rain that I remember has a bordignon
as a man
speak of bourguignon like a man
there would be to write not only a monumental encyclopedia book
he was a very private and educated person who gave friendship
for the reserve for life and who of you also the enemy pillow friend
sincere with whom then
talk and confront
this is the memory he offers this morning when I read la
his disappearance I was saddened because he was on tap
that I had from the beautiful person and the man who went out last because
I didn't know his weight under sudden control
of the year ago mani bordignon is linked at least to the beginning to the choir
receipts
for this little choir that has been defined
in the fabulous chorus incas what it represented for fiorano
but not only for fiorano I believe for the Seriana valley and for the whole of Bergamo
well it is the pride of fiorano was that of royal kings
shopping
the siritide therefore
the nature
resp. the year of the incas choir
the fabulous incas one that still today
the remembered is also recognized by all colors kill him.
in my peregrinations
nessie lombardia than in Italy when there is a choral review when I say
I'm from fiorano
I all remember the incas choir and for me
it is a pride
iron pride when we were kids
as boys he looked at this
condono generation approaching the koroni at home was not accused facci